*: add configuration performance lite-init-stats (#13269)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `1000`
+ Currently, the valid value range is `[1, 100000]`.

### `lite-init-stats` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>

> > This variable is an experimental feature. It is not recommended to use it in production environments. If you find a bug, you can file an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This variable is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.
```

+ Default value: `1000`
+ Currently, the valid value range is `[1, 100000]`.

### `lite-init-stats` <span class="version-mark">New in v7.1.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> This variable is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. This feature might be changed or removed without prior notice. If you find a bug, you can report an [issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues) on GitHub.

+ Controls whether to use lightweight statistics initialization during TiDB startup.
+ Default value: false

> + When the value of `lite-init-stats` is true, statistics initialization doesn't load any histogram, TopN, Count-Min Sketch of any index or column into memory. When the value of `lite-init-stats` is false, statistics initialization loads histograms, TopN, Count-Min Sketch of indexes and primary keys into memory but doesn't load any histogram, TopN, Count-Min Sketch of any non-primary key column into memory. When the optimizer needs the histogram, TopN, Count-Min Sketch of some index or column, those needed statistics will be loaded into memory synchronously(see [`tidb_stats_load_sync_wait`](/system-variables.md#tidb_stats_load_sync_wait-new-in-v540)) or asynchronously.
> + Setting `lite-init-stats` to true speeds up statistics initialization and reduces TiDB's memory usage by avoiding unnecessary statistics loading. For details, see [Load statistics](/statistics.md#load-statistics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When the value of `lite-init-stats` is `true`, statistics initialization does not load any histogram, TopN, or Count-Min Sketch of indexes or columns into memory. When the value of `lite-init-stats` is `false`, statistics initialization loads histograms, TopN, and Count-Min Sketch of indexes and primary keys into memory but does not load any histogram, TopN, or Count-Min Sketch of non-primary key columns into memory. When the optimizer needs the histogram, TopN, and Count-Min Sketch of a specific index or column, the necessary statistics are loaded into memory synchronously or asynchronously (controlled by [`tidb_stats_load_sync_wait`](/system-variables.md#tidb_stats_load_sync_wait-new-in-v540)).
+ Setting `lite-init-stats` to `true` speeds up statistics initialization and reduces TiDB memory usage by avoiding unnecessary statistics loading. For details, see [Load statistics](/statistics.md#load-statistics).
```
